[Turnstile] Documentation edits (#10781)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/get-started/client-side-rendering.md

If the invocation is successful, the function returns a `widgetId (string)`. If the invocation is unsuccessful, the function returns `undefined`.

> See the [demo](https://demo.turnstile.workers.dev/explicit) and its [source code](https://github.com/cloudflare/turnstile-demo-workers/blob/main/src/explicit.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [demo](https://demo.turnstile.workers.dev/explicit) and its [source code](https://github.com/cloudflare/turnstile-demo-workers/blob/main/src/explicit.html).
```
